style: Move AI terms from glossary to recommendation page (#2974)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/ai-chat.md

- [:material-account-cash: Surveillance Capitalism](basics/common-threats.md#surveillance-as-a-business-model){ .pg-brown }
- [:material-close-outline: Censorship](basics/common-threats.md#avoiding-censorship){ .pg-blue-gray }

> Since the release of ChatGPT in 2022, the use of **AI chat**, also known as Large Language Models (LLMs), have become increasingly common. LLMs can help us write better, understand unfamiliar subjects, or answer a wide range of questions. They can statistically predict the next word based on a vast amount of data scraped from the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of **AI chat**, also known as Large Language Models (LLMs), has become increasingly common since the release of ChatGPT in 2022. LLMs can help us write better, understand unfamiliar subjects, or answer a wide range of questions. They work by statistically predicting the next word in their responses based on a vast amount of data scraped from the web.
```

Feels like a lot of commas in the first sentence.

> 

Reviewer: Correct, but see https://github.com/privacyguides/privacyguides.org/pull/2974#discussion_r2040515233 first before committing this suggestion.
